Hi everyone!
In this video we will learn how to loop through a tuple.
You can loop through the tuple item by using a for loop.
Iterate through the items and print the value like here.
In this example for x in this tuple print x, you can also loop through the tuple item by referring
to their index number.
Use the range and length functions to create a suitable iterable for I in range length.
This tuple print each element referring to their index number.
The third method, using a while loop, use the length function to determine the length of the tuple.
Then start at zero and loop your way through the tuple item by referring to their indexes.
Start at zero.
Loop through each item referring to their index, and remember to increase the index by one after each
iteration.
Increase the index.
Let's execute some examples.
In the first example, we loop through a tuple and we print each element.
This is the result.
The second example.
Loop through the index number.
We use the function range and the function length.
To create a suitable iterable and print each element referring to their index.
In the third example, we use a while loop.
Start from zero.
Make the condition I less than the length of the tuple, and remember to increase the index on each
iteration.
Let's execute this example.
We have the same result.